hello everyone welcome back this is
colgan with nother let's play of megaman
x3 here i got a pie i gotta figure out
where on the keyboard save and load
state whatnot are I guess load state is
f for something like that move the
microphone better better position
alright so let's just um should we yeah
but let's do last one at first I'm not
gonna bother doing gravity beetle first
so we'll go through oh no wait yeah
going last one it first we'll take out
the stuff gravity will stay all right
awhile stuff like skin then I really
help this is recording
alright well I remember anything I've
done so i use these control skin all
over so far so good now
this level seems to I believe this level
embodies I everything that people found
wrong with the x 3 soundtrack I thought
it was good myself but I think it got a
lot of criticism for just for just being
generally not very good in this
particular stage I just with all the
what all the buzzing in this in the UH
and it hold on that's actually i'm not i
used to get up there without that
without the right Armour whatnot but i
think with all the beginning back to the
the music outside talking about i'm very
easily distracted I think all the
buzzing in this song is what is the sort
of thing to turn people off from the
soundtrack which is I didn't mind it so
much although this the levels theme I
did by particular feeling but whatever
it time for a have a good mini boss here
the seaport we already helping the other
thing is
all right now it's like a chair just go
around the room once and like I said Meg
amare this is my natural firing I can
naturally fire this this fast no turbo
controller here Thank You stepmania for
a extra life all those years of building
up index finger Jack power I really need
something to 780 references in these
videos
stop biting the jump button
don't want to go down there
oh boy doing this without the ride armor
well I guess it's uh since you're not
actually trying to take out the block
shown yet need to actually take out the
carrier sort of bringing them in doesn't
really matter of course no right Armour
means no heart tank after the fact but
we knew that was gonna happen anyway
best mid-boss ever
break my left wrist is cramping oh
that's not good
there we go
and not a particularly interesting stage
to be honest
and no one in here obviously because we
haven't triggered mysterious maverick
all one word as well as the two that
come before now
this is not a whole lot to say about the
stage I guess I guess this is why i was
once discouraged from doing meghan
mandell fees probably half because
oyster has a hazardous monopoly on them
in half because it's not a lot of talk
about during them thankfully most the
rest the stages are more interesting
than this one then this one and at least
the boss fight is good this is a good
exercise in dodging I haven't done this
in forever so co l I do
so far so good
oh and we're already this one uh I guess
not oh okay that hurt a lot this could
be problematic
ok now we're here
the trick is to get is to get home then
on as soon as possible to deal with like
one guy at a time
and of course that doesn't always work
whoa not not pressing the right button
here not very good
alright calling the Morgan on that one
i sorry not running into him and losing
half our health one shot this time
now looking good so far
yup here thank you
this is where Touhou helps a lot too so
you learn how to stream officially this
entire battle these are first half this
battle is streaming pretty much
hold still
and learn how a jumper lucedale
what am I not jumping I'm actually
pressing the key now
great three of them
well better get ready to buy the horns
then him he doesn't help a lot more
damage than they do the easiest thing
ever that was unnecessarily overdramatic
all right weapon we're never going to
use I like the way they did this better
than one the way to did next to because
the next to the armor kind of worked
over it even in the background portrait
whereas here you can actually see the
color scheme whether or not you have the
full armor and that's real password
alright so that's it from last one it is
the next all the rest of stages will be
more interesting that one so then we
want to talk about hopefully next stage
we're taking on Blizzard Buffalo if we
see that